	TV dramas need creative touch 
(1644-1911) emperors. These, in short, are the bane of Chinese TV 
1990s, when the first wave of popular dramas emerged from the country to 
1 
2 
2013 could be said to be the year of rebirth of South Korean TV dramas. 
A Korean wave is sweeping across China, with many Chinese women 
Chinese netizens have always been divided over South Korean TV dramas, but 
China, and the challenges that young people face in their quest for a better life 
Cinderella-type stories. 
Came From The Star's script remains logical and fast-paced. It mixes the plot 
From The Star was a hard-to-get item on Amazon for a while. 
Hopefully, the innovation-induced success of South Korean TV programs will 
In contrast, South Korean TV dramas have re-invented themselves. In fact, 
In contrast, Chinese TV screens are flooded by knock-off and/or poorly made 
Kingdom. 
Korean TV market, each specializing in a different area and catering to people 
Many netizens even said at the time that South Korean TV dramas had 
Moreover, the shooting for South Korean productions generally starts when 
Miraculous Journey of Edward Tulane, read by the hero in You Who Came 
Nielsen Korea. You Who Came From The Star and The Heirs have been 
Perhaps that's the secret of their success; perhaps people are still fascinated by 
Resistance against Japanese Aggression, which is a distortion of history, or 
Recent years have seen great innovations in South Korean TV productions in 
South Korean dramas lost much of their popularity in other Asian countries 
Shortly after the enormous craze generated by Great Jang-Geum in 2003, 
The resurgence of South Korean TV dramas can be attributed to the joint 
The three TV stations, SBS, KBS and MBC, control the majority of South 
The widening wealth gap is a matter of social concern both in South Korea and 
The two TV programs have several common elements: a tall, handsome, and 
Top South Korean actors Jun Ji-hyun and Kim Soo-hyun recently earned a 
Who Came From The Star and The Heirs, which Chinese directors can use as 
as an example. Although aliens visiting Earth is an oft-used theme, You Who 
and other incurable diseases. But all that has changed with the success of You 
audience's demand. 
bad practice of copying foreign productions in order to attract more viewers at 
blindly copy foreign programs. The lack of good stories has of late resulted in 
become pass because of their stereotyped themes: traffic accidents, and cancer 
country. That not only helped South Korean TV productions gain a firm 
capture the imagination of the people in the rest of Asia. Just before the turn 
enjoying a new round of popularity in China. And a big part of the credit for 
episodes. This not only keeps viewers' interest in the TV dramas alive, but also 
equally handsome man madly in love with the same woman. Both programs 
examples, as well as inspiration, to improve their productions. 
efforts of the country's government and TV series makers. The South Korean 
fact, South Korean TV dramas are tailored to meet the market's demands. 
foothold in the domestic market, but also laid the foundation for their 
fixed the minimum number of homemade TV series to be broadcast in the 
government implemented a policy to help TV productions back in the late 
helps scriptwriters and directors make changes to the storylines to suit the 
home, and possibly abroad.is on the air now. 
least 80 percent of the TV programs had to be domestically produced. It also 
loads of TV series on time travel or fights in the harems of Qing Dynasty 
men. This is precisely what the popular South Korean TV dramas portray. In 
might have prompted many ordinary girls to dream of marrying rich, caring 
of the millennium, the South Korean government issued regulations saying at 
of different ages. The productions are sleek and use advanced technologies 
popularity rating of 24.8 percent in their country, considered strong by 
portray the purity of love, which is expressed through a kiss or a warm hug. 
productions. 
prompt Chinese TV drama makers to think up new ideas and abandon their 
real-life visual impact. 
rich hero who loves the heroine blindly and always protects her, and an 
successful foray into overseas markets. 
story will unfold. When it comes to love stories, the new South Korean 
such as high-speed photography and computer-generated effects, creating a 
subjects of hot online discussions throughout Asia. Besides, the book, The 
soap operas. Most of the Chinese TV dramas either distort the War of 
there is no doubt that programs from the neighboring country are now 
to leave messages, discuss the plot and come up with suggestions for future 
teleplays no longer use the distress card; instead, they intersperse them with 
thanks partly to better produced works from the United States and the United 
that goes to You Who Came From The Star, the South Korean TV series which 
terms of themes and narrative patterns. Take You Who Came From The Star 
the scripts are just one-third ready. Many popular productions have their own 
whimsy and romantic punch lines. 
worshipping South Korean actors Kim Soo-hyun and Lee Min-ho as demigods. 
with romance and murder and keeps the audience guessing about how the 
